and
it does not exist in football but the tuca does not
to be courageous and the Turkish way
clear messages in search of the
victory and tigers and I tried them
try to make football emerge through
Over your own interests warming up
the mood of a stadium that leads the
volcano in opposition to his followers
They showed the weapons that keep the
top of the tournament tigers and solos so
perfect they arrived that in the end they finished
start with tears
the asset
to
and
i
san nicolás de los garza new lion a
accordion a guitar and almost a
religion
illuminates
the sun
life is always giving rematches
even for those who do not seek it
emanuel villa is the happiest man in the
world when it 's near your two
little ones
alessandro has three years the plane the
little cars and the winnie pooh puzzle
stefano and barely three times was born
just when it was crossed by one of
the most delicate situations of his
career today they decide to be the
villa scorer does not need to prove
nothing to anyone, stay with the human being
with the good person who is the Argentine
inside and outside of limited game mode
all this was given the luxury of wasting
a character and an institution
the same
not of course
for me
i
or not
Y
in my heart
and he was surrounding his 350th victory
as coach antonio mohamed is without
doubt the last cry of the technicians in
the Mexican soccer of this town with its
football team is this like this tiger
skinny and anemic as in some times or
fat and strong as a state and play with
the depleted locations is the
television this scenario the first of
two errors in the night of the saga
central gave advantage to the champion
the dog bit bit, causing the
university requires me as the
capacho taker
He sings and dances you asking them to you
cheer that feeds him back
of the most complete performances
so crazy one of the best players
who has lived Mexican football in the
last era appeared at the time
just to put things in their place and
overflowing the passion in the stands
ah
but cutlery had reserved a
show for the end and as in the
good stories from fairy tales
everyone left home happy
or
or not
the university night ended up being
complete for two pursuing teams
perfection for a people fidelity
mechanical and what is left over by its colors and
even for osvaldo a footballer
frustrated today an artist who knows
capture their heroes in the imagination and
in dreams of what could have been
and it was not